# A Loss For Words

A Loss For Words is a text-adventure inspired narrative puzzle game, with a
twist. Start your journey as the unknown scholar, running for your life from
unseen forces. As you enter the temple, your mind wanders, and you begin
inexplicably losing time.

![](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/719598667987943506/805513856356319312/unknown.png)

## Download

To download the page, you can either:

### Download The Github Release (recommended)

If there are any stability updates to the game, the most recent version will be
downloadable from this repo's [release
page](https://github.com/chillen/GGJ-2021/releases). You can download the zip
for your platform from there.

### Download From The Jam Site

This version was uploaded at the end of the jam, but if there are any stability
updates you'll find them uploaded only on the Github page. You can download the
version from [the jam site](https://globalgamejam.org/2021/games/loss-words-2),
specifically with the link under the `Executable` section, or use [this
link](https://ggj.s3.amazonaws.com/games/2021/01/180672/exec/OPSnQ/LossForWords-GGJ2021.zip)

## Tech Stack

You can check out the project on the GGJ site
[here](https://globalgamejam.org/2021/games/loss-words-2).The game was created
in the [Godot engine](https://godotengine.org/). Assets were mostly created in
[AssetForge](https://assetforge.io/). LMMS was used for music, Audacity for
sound effects. If you're interested, you can check out the design notes and
other documentation for the game
[here](https://www.notion.so/GGJ-2021-600745d0910646039d8328c0449e8d79).

## Development

If you're looking to run the game in the Godot engine, you'll have to download
Godot 3.2.4. We used release candidate 1, but you can probably use any version
that is the most up to date in that release. Bless this RC coming out a few days
ago though - the number of lights we needed wasn't added until this version.
[Here](https://downloads.tuxfamily.org/godotengine/3.2.4/rc1/) is the download
for that candidate.

## Credits

### Developers

- Christopher Blackman
- Connor Hillen
- Forest Anderson
- Matt Diener
- Robert Collier

### Playtesters

- Jason Huang
- Moriah Ellis
